Question $102 
True False Snowflake bills for a minimum of five minutes each time a Virtual Warehouse is started. 
False 
Correct Answer-. B 
Com•nwmity vote 
#103 
When scaling up '{•rlual Warehouses by increasing Virtual Warehouse t-shirt size. you are primarily scaling for improved 
A. Concurrency 
8. Performance 
Correct g 
Vote dis 
Quesllcn 
AS a practice, Clustering keys Should be defined tables Of Which minimum Size? 
A. Multi-Kilobyte (KB) Range 
g, Multi-Megabyte RanF 
Multi-Gigabyte O;g) Range 
D. Multi-Tera-byte (T8) Range 
Correct D 
dis 
Question *IOS 
How a Snowpipe charges calculated? 
A, Per-second,'per Warehouse Size 
granularity 
C, Number Of Pipes in account 
D. Total storage bucket size 
Correct Answer: B 
True o' False: A Snowflake account is charged fol data stored in both Internal and External Stages. 
8. False 
Correct g 
Cm-nnnity vote dis 
aueglicm 
True False; When active, Pipe a dedicated Virtual Warehouse to 
A. True 
B, False 
Correct Answer: g 
t:mnmuoyty vote 
Question #108 
True False: Snowflake supports federated authentication in all editions. 
False 
Correct Answer-. A 
Question $109 
True False When a new Snowflake object is created, it is automatically owned by the user who created it 
False 
Correct Answer. B 
Cwm•wmity 
True False A Virtual Warehouse consumes Snowflake credits even when inactive. 
A. True 
False 
Correct Answer: 
Question #111 
True False: During data unloading. only JSON and CSV files can be compressed. 
False 
Correct Answer; B 
Community 
Which of the following are options when creating a Virtual "arehouse? (Choose two.) 
A. Autcrsuspeod 
8. Auto-resume 
C, Local SSD size 
D. User count 
Correct Answer-. AB 
Question $113 
Which formats are supported fot unloading data from Snowflake? (Choose two.) 
A. Delimited (CSV, ISV, etc,) 
Awo 
C. JSON 
D. ORC 
Correct Answer: AC 
Question #114 
True or False Data Providers can share data with only the Data Consumer 
8. False 
Correct B 
The fail-safe retention period is how many days? 
A. I day 
8.7 days 
'5 days 
D. 90 days 
Correct 
Cm.nity 
Question 
True False: Once created. a micro-partition will never be changed. 
False 
Correct Answer-. A 
•tote 
#117 
What services does Sncmfake automatically prcwide for customers that they may have been responsible for with their on-premise system? 
(Choose all that apply.) 
A, Installing and configuring hardware 
Patching software 
C. Physical security 
D_ Maintaining metadata and statistics 
Correct Answer: ABD 
Question 
Which of the following statements would be used to export/unload data from Snowflake? 
A. COPY INTO @stage 
8. EXPORT TO @stage 
C, INSERT INTO @stage 
-s @stage. select 'select from 
Correct Answer: 
Community 
Question 
True False: A 4X-Large Warehouse may, at times, take longe to provision than a X-SmaII Warehouse. 
False 
Correct Answer-. A 
Cm•nwmity vote 
#120 
How would determine the size of the virtual warehouse used for a task? 
A. Root task may be executed concurrently Cie. multiple instances). it is recommended to leave some margins in the execution window to 
avoid missing instances Of execution 
Querying (SELECT) the size of the stream content would help detemine the warehouse size For example, if querying large stream content, 
a larger warehouse Size 
C. It using the stored procedure to execute multiple SQL statements, its best test run the stored procedure separately to size the compute 
resource first 
D. Since task infrastructure is based on running the task body on schedule, it's recommended to configure the virtual warehouse for automatic 
concurrency handling using Multi-cluster warehouse (MC") to match the task schedule 
Correct Answer; C 
Questicm $171 
The Information Schema and Account Usage Share provide storage information for which of the following objects? (Choose three.) 
A. users 
8. Tables 
C, Databases 
D. Internal Stages 
Correct Answer-. BCD 
Question $122 
What is the default File Format used in the COPY command if one is not specified? 
A. CSV 
'SON 
C, Parquet 
XML 
Correct Answer: A 
'123 
True o' False: Reader Accounts are able to extract data trom shared data objects for use outside ot Snowflake. 
8. False 
Correct 
Cm-nnnity vote dis 
True False; You Can define multiple columns Within Clustering on a table, 
A. True 
B, False 
Correct Answer: 
t:mnmuoyty vote 
Question #125 
True False: Snowflake enforces unique, primary key. and foreign key constraints during DML operations. 
False 
Correct Answer-. B 
Question $125 
True or False Loading data into Snm\'flake requires that source data files be no larger than 16M8 
False 
Correct Answer. B 
Cwm•wmity '.øte 
True False A Virtual Warehouse can be resized while suspended. 
A. True 
False 
Correct Answer: 
Question g12g 
True False: When you cteate a custom role, it ig a best ptactice to •mmediately grant that role to ACCOUNTADUIN_ 
False 
Correct Answer: B 
Community vote 
#123 
Which of the following accurately represents how a table fits into Snowflake's logical container hierarchy? 
A. Account 
8. Account 
D. Database 
> Schema Database -s Table 
Database Schema Table 
C, Database Table 
> Table Schema Account 
Account 
Correct Answer-. B 
Question É13C 
True False All Snowflake table types include fail-safe storage. 
False 
Correct Answer. B 
Cwm•wmity '.øte 
#131 
What are two ways to create and manage Data Shares in Snowflake? (Choose two) 
A. Via the Snowfiake Web Interface (UI) 
Via the parameter 
Via SQL commands 
D. Via Virtual Warehouses 
Correct 
Cm-nnnity vote dis 
#132 
True False; be disabled within a Snowflake account, 
A. True 
B, False 
Correct Answer: g 
t:mnmuoyty vote 
Question #133 
True False: It is possible for a user to lun a query against the query result cache without requiring an active Warehouse. 
False 
Correct Answer-. A 
Question $134 
True or False When Snowflake is configured to use Single Sign-On (SSO), Snowflake receives the usernames and credentials from the SSO service 
and loads them into the customer'S Snowflake account. 
A. True 
False 
Correct Answer: 8 
Question #135 
Which of the following are best practices for loading data into Snowflake? (Choose three.) 
A. Aim to produce data files that are MB and 250 Mg in Size, compressed. 
Load data trom files in a cloud storage service in a different region or cloud platform from the service or region containing the Snowflake 
account, to save on cost 
C. Enclose Welds that contain delimiter characters in single or double quotes. 
D. Split large files into a greater number of smaller files to distribute the bad the Compute resources in an active warehouse. 
E. When planning which warehouse(s) to use for data loading, start with the largest warehouse possible 
F. Partition the staged data into large folders with random paths. allowing Snowflake to determine the best way to load each file. 
Correct A CD 
dis 
Which feature is used both querying and restoring data? 
A. Cluster keys 
B, Time 
Fail-safe 
D. Cloning 
Correct g 
vote dis 
Question $137 
What do the terms scale up and scale out refer to in Snowflake? (Choose two.) 
A, Scaling out adds Clusters Of the same Size to a Virtual warehouse 10 handle more concurrent 
Scaling out adds clusters of varying sizes to a virtual warehouse. 
C. Scaling Out adds additional database servers to an existing running cluster to handle more concurrent queries, 
D. Snowflake recommends using both scaling up and scaling out handle more concurrent queries. 
E. Scaling up resizes a virtual warehouse so it can handle mue complex nykloads. 
F, Scaling up adds additional database Servers to an existing running Cluster handle larger 
Correct Answer: AE 
Cm•mnut'üy •Ote dist"bunon 
Question #138 
What is the minimum Snowflake edition that has column-level security enabled? 
A, Standard 
Enterprise 
C. Business Critical 
D. Virtual private Snowflake 
Correct Answer: g 
Cunmuody vote d,'stribunoo 
Question #139 
What parameter controls if the Virtual Warehouse starts immediately after the CREATE WAREHOUSE statement? 
A, INITIALLV_SUSPENDED = TRUE}FALSE 
TRUE/FALSE 
C. START_THE 60 // (seconds from now) 
D. START _TIUE CURRENT_DATEO 
Correct Answer: A 
Topm ; 
Question 
When cloning a database, what is cloned with the database? (Choose two ) 
A, Privileges on the database 
Elisting child objects within the database 
C. Future child objects within the database 
D_ Privileges on the schemas within the database 
E. Only schemas and tables within the database 
Correct 
Cwm•wnity mte 
#141 
Which of the following describes the Snowflake Cloud Services 
A. Coordinates activities in the Snowflake account 
B, Executes queries submitted by the Snowflake users 
Manages quotas on the Snowflake account storage 
D. Manages the virtual warehouse cache to speed up queries 
Correct 
vote dis 
What is the maximum total Continuous Data protection (CDP) Charges incurred for a temporary table? 
A. 30 days 
B, 7 days 
48 hours 
D. 24 hours 
Correct D 
vote dis 
Question $143 
"hen rewiewing a query profile. what is a symptom that a query is too large to fit into the memory? 
A, A Single pin node more than Of the 
Partitions scanned is equal to partitions u)tal 
C. An Aggregateoperator node is present 
D. The query is spilling to remote storage 
Correct Answer: D 
Questimn '144 
What type of query benefits the MOST from search optimization? 
A. A query that uses only disjunction (i.e„ OR) predicates 
8. A query that includes analytical expressions 
c, A that equality predicates or predicates that use IN 
D. A querv that filters on semi-structured data types 
Correct Answer; C 
'145 
What transformations are supported in a CREATE PIPE AS COPY FROM (T) statement? (Choose two.) 
A. Data can be filtered by an optional WHERE clause. 
8. Incoming data can bejoined with other tables. 
C, Columns Can be 
D. Columns can be omitted 
E. Row level access can be defined. 
Correct CD 
vote dis 
Question 
Which of the following are characteristics of Sncwflake virtual warehouses? (Choose two ) 
A, applies only to the last warehouse that Was Started in a multi-cluster warehouse, 
The ability to auto-suspend a warehouse is only available in the Enterp«ise edition or above 
C. SnowSQL Supports both a configuration file and a command line option for specifying a default warehouse. 
D_ A user cannot specify a default warehouse when using the ODBC drivel. 
E. The default virtual warehouse size can be changed at any time. 
Correct c 
Cwm•wnity mte 
Which command should be used to load data from a file, located in an external stage, into a table in Sncmtlake? 
A. INSERT 
C GET 
D. copy 
Correct O 
vote dis 
The Cloud Data platform is described as having Which Of the following architectures? 
A. Shared-disk 
B, Shared-nothing 
Multi-cluster shared data 
D. Serverless query engine 
Correct C 
vote dis 
Question 
Which of the followir,g is a data tokenization integration partner? 
A, Protegrity 
Tableau 
Correct Answer: 
Queslimn 
"hat versions of Snowfiake should be used to manage compliance with Personal Identifiable Information (PII) requirements? (Choose two) 
A. Custom Edition 
8. Virtual Private Snowflake 
C, Business Critical Edition 
D. Standard Edition 
E. Enterprise Edition 
Correct BC 
vole dis 
a ISI 
What are supported file formats far unloading data from (Choose three.) 
A. XML 
B, 'SON 
Parquet 
ORC 
E. AVRO 
F. CSV 
Correct BCE 
Question $152 
The Snowflake cloud services layer is responsible for which tasks? (Choose two.) 
A, Local disk caching 
Authentication and access control 
C, Metadata management 
D. Query grocessing 
E. Database storage 
Correct BC 
Cwnmmity rote 
What is a key feature of Snowflake architecture? 
A. Zero-copy cloning creates a mirror copy of a database that updates with the original. 
B, Software updates are automatically applied a quarterly basis. 
Snowflake eliminates resource contention with its wirlual warehouse implementation 
D. Multi-cluster warehouses allow users to run a query that spans across multiple clusters. 
E. Sorts during ingest, for fast retrieval by date. 
Correct Answer: C 
vote 
Question $154 
When publishing a Snowflake Data Marketplace listing into a remote region what shculd be taken into consideration? (Choose twoJ 
A, There is need to have in the target region, a Share Will be created far each 
The listing is replicated into all selected regions automatically, the data is not. 
C, The user must have the ORGADMIN role available in at least one account to link accounts for replication. 
D. Shares attached to listings in remote regions Can be Viewed from any account in an 
E. For a standard listing the user can wait until the first customer requests the data before replicating it to the target region. 
Correct BE 
Question $155 
When loading data into Snowflake via Snowgipe what is the compressed file size recommendation? 
A. 10-50 MB 
100-250 MB 
C. 300-500 MB 
D_ 1000-1500 Mg 
Correct Answer: B 
Question 
Which Snowflake feature al Ious a user to substitute a randomly generated identifier for sensitive data, in order to prevent unauthorized users 
access to the data, before loading it into Snowflake? 
A, External Tokenization 
Eltemal Tables 
C. Materialized Views 
D. Table Functions (IJDTF) 
Correct Answer: 
•Ote d,'smbunon 
Question #157 
Which of the following are enmples of operations that require a Virtual Warehouse to complete, assuming no queries have been executed 
previously? (Choose three,) 
A. MIN(« column value 
B, COPY 
C SLIM(« column value > 
D. UPDATE 
Correct BCD 
vote dis 
Topic ; 
Question $158 
What is the SNOWFLAKLACCOIJNT_USAGE view that contains information about which objects were read by queries within the last 365 davs 
A. VIEWS_HISTORY 
OBJECT_HISTORV 
C. ACCESS_HISTORY 
D. LOGIN_HISTORY 
Correct Answer: C 
Question glSg 
Which feature is only available in the Enterprise or higher editions Of Snowflake? 
A, Column-level security 
SOC 2 type Il certification 
C. Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) 
D. Object level control 
Correct Answer: A 
•Ote 
Question #160 
"ill data cached in a ware"ouse be lost when the warehouse is resized? 
A, possibly, if the Warehouse is resized to a smaller Size the cache no fits, 
Yes. because the compute resource is replaced in its entirety with a new compute resource. 
C. No. because the size of the cache is independent from the warehouse size. 
D. Yes, because the Compute resource Will no longer have access the cache encryption key, 
Correct Answer: 
Cwnmuody •ote 
Topm ; 
Question $161 
Which semi-structured file formats are supported when unloading data from a table? (Choose two ) 
A. ORC 
XML 
C, AWO 
D. Parquet 
E JSON 
Correct OF 
Cwnmmity vote 
#162 
A running virtual is Suspended, 
What is the MINIMUM amount of time that the warehouse will incur charges for when it is restarted? 
A. I second 
8. 60 seconds 
C, 5 minutes 
D. 60 minutes 
Correct Answer; B 
Corm-nwmity Are 
Q upsl 
#163 
What are the responsibilities of Snowflake's Cloud Service layer? (Choose three.) 
A. Authentication 
8. Resource management 
Virtual warehouse caching 
D. Query parsing and optimization 
E, execution 
K Physical storage of micro-partitions 
Correct Answer; ABD 
Question $164 
How long is the Fail-safe period fo•r temporary and transient tables? 
A, There is Fail-safe period these tables, 
1 day 
C. Ida" 
D_ 31 days 
E. go days 
Correct A 
Cwm•wnity 
#165 
Which command should be used to download from a Snowflake stage a local folder on a clienft machine? 
A. PUT 
8, GET 
C copy 
D. SELECT 
Correct 
vote dis 
HOW does Snowflake Fail-sale protect in a table? 
A. Fail-safe makes data available up to I day, recmerable by user operations. 
B, Fail-safe makes data available for 7 days, recoverable by 
Fail-safe makes data available for 7 days, recuerable only by Snowfake Suppcrt_ 
D. Fail-safe makes data available up to I day. recoverable only by Snowflake Support. 
Correct C 
vote dis 
Question $167 
A virtual warehouse is created using the following command: 
Create warehouse my_WH with 
warehouse_size = MEDIUM 
auto_suspend 60 
auto_resume true; 
The image below is a graphical representation Of the warehouse utilization two days, 
6 
4 
3 
2 
• Sum Of 
• Of 
12 1 2 
PM PM PM 
1 
8 9 10 11 12 1 2 8 9 10 11 
AM AM AM AM PM PM PM AM AM AM AM 
What action should be taken to address this situation? 
A. Increase the warehouse size from Medium to 2.XL. 
8. Increase the value for the parameter 
C Configure the warehouse to a multi-cluster warehouse 
D. Lower the value of the parameter 
Correct c 
Cwm•wmity 
Question $168 
Which minimum Sncnaflake edition allows for a dedicated metadata store? 
A, Standard 
Enterprise 
C. Business Critical 
D. Virtual Private Snowfake 
Correct Answer: D 
Question 
Network policies can be set at which Snowflake levels? (Choose two) 
A. Role 
8. Schema 
C, user 
D. Database 
E. Account 
F, Tables 
Correct Answer: CE 
vote dust ribu%on 
Question #170 
What are the correctparameters for time travel and fail-safe in the Snowflake Enterprise Edition? 
A, Default Time Travel Retention is Set 0 Maximum Time Travel Retention is 30 days, Fail Safe retention time is 1 day 
Default Time Travel Retention is set to I day Maximum Time Travel Retention is 365 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days 
C, Default Time Travel Retention is set to 0 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 90 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days. 
D. Default Time Travel Retention is Set to 1 day. Maximum Time Retention is go days Fail Safe retention time is 7 days. 
E. Default Time Travel Retention set to 7 days. Mavimum Time Travel Retention is I day. Fail Safe retention time is go days 
F, Default Time Travel Retention is Set to 90 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 7 days, Fail Safe retention time is 356 days, 
Correct Answer: D 
Cm•nmundy vote 
Question 
Which of the following objects are contained within a schema? (Choose two ) 
A. Role 
C, Warehouse 
D. External table 
E user 
F, Share 
Correct Answer: YD 
•Ote d,'smbunon 
Question #172 
Which of the following statements describe features of Snowflake data caching? (Choose 
A, When a Virtual is suspended, the data cache is saved on the remote Storage 
When the data cache is full. the least-recently used data will be cleared to make room 
C. A user can only access their own queries from the query result cache. 
D. A user must Set to TRUE to the metadata cache in 
E. The RESIJLT_SCAN table function can access and filter the contents of the query result cache. 
Correct Answer: BE 
A table needs to be loaded. The input data is in 'SON format and is a concatenation of multiple JSON documents. The file size is 3 G8, A 
warehouse size S is being used. The following COPY INTO command was executed: 
COPY INTO SAMPLE FROM (TVPE=JSON) 
The load failed with this error 
Mai LOB size (1 6777216) exceeded. actual size of parsed column is 17894470. 
How can this issue be resolved? 
A, Compress the file and load the file. 
Split the file into multiple files in the recommended size range (100 MB - 250 MB) 
C. Use a larger-sized warehouse. 
D. Set in the COPY INTO command, 
Correct Answer: O 
Topic 
Question 
What is a feature of a stored procedure in Snowflake? 
A, They Can be as Secure and the underlying metadata from all 
They can access tables from a single database. 
C. They can only contain a single SQL statement. 
D_ They can be created to run with a caller!s rights or an owner's rights 
Correct Answer: O 
Question t 175 
Which columns are part of the result set of the Snowflake LATERAL FLATTEN command? (Choose two] 
A. CONTENT 
8. PATH 
C, BYTF_SIZE 
D. INDEX 
E. DATATYPE 
Correct 
vote dis 
#13b 
What is the minimum edition required to Create materialized view? 
A. Standard Edition 
B, Enterprise Edition 
Business Critical Edition 
D. Virtual Private Snowflake Edition 
Correct g 
vote dis 
Question $177 
Which Snowflake function will interpret an input string as a JSON document, and produce a VARIANT value? 
D. natter' 
Correct Answer: 
Question '178 
How are serverless features billed" 
A. Per second multiplied by an automatic Sizing for the job 
8. Per minute multiplied by an automatic sizing for the jot, with a minimum ot one minute 
C, per second multiplied by the Site, as by the parameter 
D. Serverless features are not billed, unless the total cost for the month exceeds of the warehouse credits, on the account 
Correct Answer; 
Community 
Question 
Which Snowflake architectural layer is responsible for a query execution plan? 
A. Compute 
8. Data storage 
C, Cloud Services 
D. Cloud gtovider 
Correct Answer; C 
Question $180 
"hen unloading to a stage, which of the following is a recommended practice or approach? 
A. Set SINGLE = TRUE for larger files. 
use men using Parquet. 
C. Avoid the use Of the CAST function, 
D. Define an individual file format. 
Correct Answer; D 
Question '181 
Which SQL commands. when committed. will consume a stream and advance the stream offset? (Choose two.) 
A. UPDATE TABLE FROM SIREAM 
8. SELECT FROM STREAM 
C, INSERT INTO TABLE SELECT FROM STREAM 
D. ALTER TABLE AS SELECT FROM STREAM 
E. BEGIN COMMIT 
Correct A C 
Cwnmuøity vole dis 
Uuegllcn 
Which methods Can be used to delete Staged files from a Snowflake Stage? (Choose two,) 
A. Use the DROP If'lel command after the h3ad completes. 
B, Specify the option When Creating the file format, 
Specify the PURGE copy option in the COPY INTO [tablel command. 
D. Use the REMOVE command aftethe load completes. 
E. use the DELETE LOAD HISTORY command after the load completes. 
Correct Answer: CO 
Question $183 
On which of the following cloud platforms can a Snowflake account be hosted? (Choose three) 
A, Amazon neb Services 
Private Virtual Cloud 
C. Oracle Cloud 
D. Microsoft Cloud 
E. Google Cloud Platform 
F. Alibaba Cloud 
Correct A DE 
dis 
#101 
What Snowflake must be granted for a user to Create and manage accounts? 
A. ACCOUNTAUMIN 
d, ORGAOMIN 
C SECURITYADMIN 
D. sysADMlN 
Correct An SWer•_ B 
vote dis 
Question $185 
Assume there is a table consisting of five micro-partitions with values ranging from A to 
Which diagram indicates a well-clustered table? 
Correct Answer: 
Question $185 
What feature can be used to reorganize a very large table on one or more columns? 
A, Micro-partitions 
Clustering keys 
C. Key partitions 
D_ Clustered partitions 
Correct Answer: B 
Question t 187 
What is an advantage of using an explain plan instead of the query profiler to evaluate the perfo«mance of a query? 
A. The plan output is available graphically. 
8. An explain plan can be used to conduct performance analysis without executing a query 
C, An explain plan Will handle queries With temporary tables and the Will not, 
D. An uplain plans output will display automatic data skew optimization information. 
Correct Answer; B 
Community 
Which data types are supported by Snowfake when using semi-structured data? (Choose two) 
A. VARIANT 
8. VARRAY 
C, STRUCT 
D. ARRAY 
E. QUEUE 
Correct AD 
vote dis 
Question $189 
Why does Snowflake recommend file sizes of 100-250 MB compressed when loading data? 
A, Optimizes the Virtual warehouse Size and multi-cluster setting to economy mode 
Allows a user to import the files in a sequential Cider 
C. Increases the latency staging and accuracy when loading the data 
D. Allows optimization cf parallel operations 
Correct Answer: D 
Question 
Which of the following features are available with the Snowmake Enterprise edition? (Choose two) 
A. Database replication and failover 
8. Automated index management 
C, Customer managed (Tri secret secure) 
D. Extended time travel 
E. Native support for geospatial data 
Correct DE 
vote dis 
What is the default file Size when unloading data Snowflake "Sing the COPY command? 
B, BGB 
C 16MB 
D. 32 Ma 
Correct C 
vote dis 
Question $192 
"hat features that are part of the Continuous Data Protection (CDP) feature set in Snowflake dc not require additional configuration? (Choose 
A. Row level access policies 
Data masking policies 
C. Data encryption 
D. Time Travel 
E. External tokenization 
Correct Answer; CD 
Commum'y 
"193 
Which Snowflake layer is always leveraged when accessing a query from the result cache? 
A. Metadata 
8. Data Storage 
C, Compute 
D. Cloud Services 
Correct Answer; O 
Community 
#194 
Which connectors are available in the downloads section of the SnoÆake web interface (UI)? (Choose two.) 
A. SnowSQL 
8. Joac 
ODBC 
D. HIVE 
E. Scala 
Correct Answer: AC 
Question 
A Snowflake Administrator needs to ensure that sensitive corporate data in Snowflake tables is not visible to end users, but is partially visible to 
functional manage'S, 
How can this requirement be met? 
A. use data encryption 
8. Use dynamic data masking. 
C, Use Secure materialized views, 
D. Revoke all roles fot functional managers and end users. 
Correct Answer; B 
Question ti9E 
Users are responsible for data storage costs until what occurs? 
A. Data expires from Time Travel 
8. Data expires from Fail-safe 
C, Data is deleted from a table 
D. Data is truncated from a table 
Correct Answer-. B 
#197 
A user has an application that writes a new file to a cloud storage location every 5 minutes. 
What would be the MOST efficient to get the files into Snowflake? 
A. Create a task that runs a COPY INTO Operation from an external stage every 5 minutes. 
Create a task that PUTS the figs in an internal Stage and automate the data loading 
C. Create a task that runs a GET operation to intermittently check for new files. 
D. Set up Cloud provider notifications on the location and Snowpipe with auto-ingest, 
Correct Answer: D 
vote 
Question $198 
What affects whether the query results cache can be used? 
A, If the query contains a deterministic function 
If the virtual warehouse has been suspended 
C. If the referenced data in the table has changed 
D. If multiple users are using the game virtual warehouse 
Correct Answer: C 
Question 
Which of the following is an example of an operation that can be completed without requiring compute, assuming no queries have been executed 
previously? 
A, SELECT (ORDER_AMT) FROM SALES; 
SELECT FROM SALES 
C. SELECT MIN(0RDEæAMT) FROM SALES 
D. SELECT ORDER_AMT ORDER_QTY FROM SALES 
Correct Answer: C 
•Ote dist"buGan 
Question g2dC 
How many days is load history for Snowpige retained? 
A, I day 
go days 
C. 14 days 
D. days 
Correct Answer: C 
Cwnmuody •ole 
Topm ; 
