Question $201 
What Sncnnflake features virtual warehouses to handle high concurency workloads? (Choose two.) 
A, The ability up warehouses 
The use of warehouse auto scaling 
C. The ability to resize warehouses 
D. Use of multi-clustered warehouses 
E. The use of warehouse indexing 
Correct 
Cwnmmity vote 
#202 
Which COPY INTO command outputs the data into file? 
A. SINGLE:TRUE 
8, MAX 
D. MULTIPLE•FALSE 
Correct A 
vote dis 
Uuegllcn a2d3 
In Which scenarios would a to pay Cloud Services costs? (Choose two,) 
A. Compute Credits : SO Credits Cloud Services : 10 
B, Compute Credits = 80 Credits Cloud Services = 5 
Compute Credits = 100 Credits Cloud Services = g 
D. Compute Credits 120 Credits Cloud Services 10 
E. Compute Credits = 200 Credits Cloud Services = 26 
Correct Answer: AE 
Question $204 
A user created a new worksheet within the Snowsight UI and wants to share this with teammates 
How can this worksheet be shared? 
A Create a zero-copy clone ot the worksheet and grant permissions to teammates. 
8. Create a private Data Exchange SO that any teammate can use the worksheet. 
C Share the worksheet with teammates within Snowgight. 
D. Create a database and grant all permissions to teammates. 
Correct C 
vote 
HOW Can a TOW policy be applied to a table or a view? (Choose tm,) 
A. "ithin the policy OOL 
B, Within the Create Create View 
C By futue APPLY for all objects in a schema 
D. Within a control table 
E. using the command ALTER (objectl ADO ROW ACCESS POLICY Ipolicyl; 
Correct Answer: BE 
vote d,'sribufioo 
Question $205 
Which command can be used to load data files into a Snowflake stage? 
A. JOIN 
copy INTO 
C. PUT 
GET 
Correct Answer: C 
Question $207 
What types of data listings are available in the Snowflake Data Marketplace? (Choose two.) 
A, Reader 
Consumer 
C. Vendor 
D. Standard 
E. Personalized 
Correct OE 
Cwm•wnity mte 
#2dY 
What is the maximum Time Travel retention period a temporary Snowflake table? 
A. 90 days 
8, I day 
C 'days 
D. 45 days 
Correct 
vote dis 
When Should a multi-cluster warehouse be used in auto-scaling node? 
A. When it is unknown how much compute power is needed 
B, If the select Statement Contains a large number Of tables Table (CTES) 
C If the runtime of the executed query is very slow 
D. When a large number of concurrent queries are run on the same warehouse 
Correct D 
vote dis 
Question $210 
"hat happens when a cloned table is replicated to a secondary database? (Choose two.) 
A, A read-only COPY Of the Cloned tables is Stored. 
The replication will not be successful 
C. The physical data replicated. 
D. Additional costs for storage ate charged to a secondary accmjnt. 
E. Metadata pointers to cloned tables are replicated. 
Correct co 
Cwnmmity rote 
#211 
Snowflake suppcyts the use of external staqeS with which cloud platforms? (Choose three,) 
A. Amazon Web Services 
8, Docker 
IBM Cloud 
D. Microsoft Azure Cloud 
E. Google Claud Platform 
E Oracle Cloud 
Correct Answer-. A DE 
#717 
What is a limitation of a Materialized View? 
A. A Materialized View cannot support any aggregate functions 
8. A Materialized View can only reference upto tm tables 
A Materialized View cannot be joined With Other tables 
D. A Materialized View cannot be defined with a JOIN 
Correct o 
Cwm•wnity 
Question $213 
In the Snowflake access control model, which entity owns an object by default? 
A, The user Who created the Object 
The sysAUMlN role 
C, Ownership depends on the type 01 Object 
D. The role used to create the object 
Correct Answer: O 
Question '214 
What is the minimum Snowflake edition required to use Dynamic Data Masking? 
A. Standard 
8. Enterprise 
C, Business Critical 
D. Virtual Private Snowfake PIPC) 
Correct Answer; B 
Which services does the Snowfake Cloud Services layer manage? (Choose two) 
A. Compute resources 
8. Query execution 
C, Authentication 
D. Data storage 
E. Metadata 
Correct CE 
vote dis 
Question 
A company needs to allow some users to see Personally Identifiable Information (PII) while limiting other users from seeing the full value of the 
Which Snowflake featu«e will support this? 
A. ROW access policies 
8. Data masking policies 
C, encryption 
D. Role based access control 
Correct Answer; B 
A user has unloaded data from a Snowflake table to an external stage. 
Which command Can used to verify if data has been uploaded ta the external Stage named my Stage? 
A. view 
B, lisl 
shcw @my_stage 
D. display@mv_stage 
Correct g 
Question 
Which tasks are in the Snowflake Cloud Services (Choose 
A. Management of metadata 
Computing data 
C. Maintaining Availability Zones 
D. Infrastructure Security 
E. Parsing and optimizing queries 
Correct Answer; AE 
Community 
Question $219 
"hat is true about sharing data in Snowflake? (Choose two.) 
A, The Data for data Storage as as for data computing. 
The shared data is copied into the Data Consumer account. so the Consumer can modify it without impacting the base data of the Provide. 
C. A Snowflake acccwnt can both provide and consume shared data. 
D. The Provider is charged for compute resources used by the Data Consumer to query the shared data 
E. The Data Consumer pays only for compute resources to query the shared data. 
Correct Answer•_ CE 
Cwnmmity rote 
The following JSON is stored in a VARIANT column called SIC Of the CAR_SALES table; 
" customer" : [ 
"address": San Francisco, 
"Jane Doe" 
"date • : 
"2022-01-28", 
CA", 
"dealershdp": "Town Auto Sales", 
A user needs to extract the dealership information from the JSON_ 
How can this be accomplished? 
A. select src:dealership from car_sales: 
8. select srcdealership from car_sales; 
C, select from C.ar_sales; 
D. select dealership from car_sales: 
Correct Answer: A 
Question $221 
Which of the following significantly improves the performance of selective point lookup queries on a tablel 
A. Clustering 
Materialized Views 
C. Zen-copy Cloning 
D_ Search Optimization Service 
Correct Answer: D 
Question '222 
Which of the following accurately describes shares? 
A. Tables, Secure Views, and Secure Can be Shared 
8. Shares can be shared 
C, Can clone a new table from a Share 
D. Access to a share cannot be revoked once granted 
Correct Answer; 
What are best practice recommendations for using the ACCOUNTADMIN system-defined mle in Snowfake? (Choose two) 
A. Ensure all ACCOUNTADMIN roles use Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) 
8. All users granted ACCOUNTADMIN role must be cvmed by the ACCOUNTAOMIN role. 
C, The ACCOUNTAOMIN role must be granted one user. 
D. Assign the ACCOUNTADMIN role to at least two users, but as few as possible. 
E. All users granted ACCOUNTADMIN role must also be granted SECURITYAOMIN role. 
Correct AD 
vote dis 
Question $224 
In the querp profiler view for a query, which components represent areas that can be used to help optimize query performance? (Choose two.) 
A, scanned 
Bytes sent over the network 
C. Number of partitions scanned 
D_ Percentage scanned from cache 
E. External bytes scanned 
Correct AC 
Cwm•wnity mte 
#225 
What is the minimum Snowflake edition required level security? 
A. Standard 
Business Critical 
D. Virtual Private Snowfake 
Correct 
vote dis 
#226 
The is the minimum Fail-safe retention time period transient tables? 
A. 1 day 
B, 7 days 
C 12 hours 
D. O days 
Correct D 
vote dis 
Question $227 
"hat is a machine learning and data science partner within the Sncwflake Partner &osystem? 
A, Informatica 
Power Bl 
C. Adobe 
D. Data Robot 
Correct Answer; D 
Question '228 
Which statements are correct concerning the leveraging of third-party data from the Snowfake Data Marketplace? (Choose two.) 
A. Data is live, readrto-query, and can be personalized 
8. Data needs to be loaded into a cloud provider as a consumer account. 
C, is available for Cop-Ying moving to an individual Snowflake account, 
D. Data is available without copying or moving 
E. Data transformations are required when combining Data Marketpla•ce datasets with existing data in Snowflake. 
Correct AD 
Cwnmuøity vole dis 
Uuegllcn #223 
What impacts the credit consumption Of maintaining materialized (Choose two.) 
A. Whether or not it is also a secure view 
B, HOW Often the underlying base table is queried 
How often the base 'able changes 
D. Whether the materialized view has a cluster key defined 
E. HOW Often the materialized View is queried 
Correct Answer: CO 
Question $230 
What COPY INTO SQL command should be used to unload data into multiple files? 
A. SINGLE-TRUE 
MULTIPLE-TRUE 
C. MULTIPLE-FALSE 
D. SINGLE-FALSE 
Correct Answer: O 
Question '231 
"hen cloning a database containing stored procedures and regular views. that have fully qualified table references. which of the following will 
A, The cloned views and the stored procedures will reference the cloned tables in the cloned database, 
An error will occur, as views with qualified references cannot be cloned. 
C. An error will occur, as stored objects cannotbe cloned. 
D. The Stored procedures and views Will refer to tables in the 
Correct Answer: D 
•Ote 
Question g232 
When loading data into Snowflake, how should the data be organized? 
A, Into single files With 100-250 MB of compressed data per file 
Into single files with 1-100 MB of compressed data per file 
C. Into files of mavimum size of I G8 of compressed data per file 
D. Into files 01 maximum Size Of 4 Of data 
Correct Answer: 
Cwnmuody •ote 
Top:c ; 
Question $233 
Which of the following objects can be directly restored using the UNDROP command? (Choose two) 
A , Schema 
View 
C, Internal Stage 
D. Table 
E. user 
Role 
Correct Answer: AD 
Cm•mnut'üy •Ote 
g234 
Which Snowflake SOL statement would be used to determine which users and roles have access to a role called MV_ROLEP 
A, SHOW GRANTS OF ROLE MY_ROLE 
GRANTS TO ROLE UY_ROLE 
C. SHOW GRANTS FOR ROLE MY_ROLE 
D. SHOW GRANTS ON ROLE MY_RCLE 
Correct Answer: 
Cunmuody vote 
Question $235 
"hat is the MINIMUM edition of Snowfake that is required to use a SCIM security integration? 
A, Business Critical Edition 
Slandard ülition 
C. Virtual Private Snowflake (VPS) 
D. Enterprise Edition 
Correct Answer: B 
Topm ; 
Question $235 
A user created a transient table and made several changes to it over the course of several days. Three days after the table was created. the user 
like to go back the fast Version Of the table. 
How can this be accomplished? 
A. use as long as setto at least g dayg 
8. The transient table version cannot be retrieved after 24 hours. 
C, Contact Snowflake Support to have the data retrieved Fail-safe Storage, 
D. use the FAILSAFE parameter for Time Travel to retrieve the data from Fail-safe storage 
Correct Answer; B 
Queslicm #237 
When reviewing the load for a warehouse using the load monitonng chart. the chart indicates that a high volume of queries is always queuing in 
the warehouse. 
According to recommended best practice. what should be done to reduce the queue volume? (Choose two.) 
A. use multi-clustered warehousing to scale out warehouse capacity. 
8. Scale up the warehouse Size to allow queries to execute faster. 
Slop and start the warehouse to clear the queued queriee 
D. Migrate some queries to a new warehouse to reduce load. 
E, Limit user to the warehouse so fewer queries are run against it. 
Correct Answer: AD 
•Ote dist "bubon 
Question g23d 
Topic ; 
Which of the following features, aesociated with Contirwous Data Protection (CDP), require additional Snowflake-provided data storage? (Choose 
two,) 
A. Tri-secret Secure 
B, Time Travel 
Fail-safe 
D. Data encryption 
E. External Stages 
Correct Answer: BC 
Question $239 
"here can a user find and review the failed logins of a specific user for the past 30 days? 
A. The USERS view in ACCOUNT LJSAGE 
The LOGIN_HISTORY in ACCOUNT_USAGE 
C. The ACCESS_HISTORY in ACCOUNT_USAGE 
D. The view in ACCOUUT_USAGE 
Correct Answer: B 
Question '240 
What is the purpose of an External Function? 
A. To call code that executes outside of Snowflake 
8. To run a function in another Snowflake database 
C, TO share data in Snowflake With external parties 
D. To ingest data from on premises data sources 
Correct Answer; 
Queslicrn 
Which of the following statements apply to Snowflake in terms of security? (Choose two.) 
A. Snowflake leverages a Role-gased Access Control (RBAC) me-del. 
8. Snowflake requires a user to configure an I AM user to connect to the database 
C, All data in Snowflake is encrypted, 
D. Snowfake can run within a user's own Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)_ 
E. All data in Snowflake is compressed. 
Correct 
vote dis 
Question $242 
A single user of a virtual warehouse has set the warehouse to auto-resume and autc:-suspend after 10 minutee The warehouse is currently 
and the user performs the following 
I. Runs a query that takes 3 minutes to complete 
2. Leaves for 15 minutes 
3, Returns and a query takes 10 seconds to complete 
4. Manually suspends the warehouse as soon as the last query was completed 
When the how much billable Compute time Hill have been consumed? 
A. 4 minutes 
g, minutes 
14 minutes 
D. 24 minutes 
Correct Answer: C 
Question #243 
Whal Can be used view warehouse usage time? (Choose two.) 
A. The LOAD HISTORY view 
The query history view 
C. The SHOW WAREHOUSES command 
D. The view 
E. Tie billing and usage tab in the Snowflake web UI 
Correct Answer; DE 
Community 
What actions will prevent leveraging of the ResultSet cache? (Choose two.) 
A. Removing a column from the query SELECT list 
8. Stopping the virtual warehouse that the query is running against 
C, Clustering of the data used by the query 
D. Executing the RESULTS_SCANO table function 
E, Changing a column that is not in the cached query 
Correct Answer: AE 
vote 
Lw:c ; 
Question $245 
Which statement is true about running tasks in Snowflake? 
A, A task Can be called using a CALL statement to run a Set Of predefined SOL commands, 
A task allows a user to execute a single SQL statement\command using a predefined schedule 
C. A task allcms a user to execute a setof SQL commands on a predefined schedule, 
D_ A task can be executed using a SELECT statement to run a predefined SQL command 
Correct Answer: B 
Question '245 
Which data types does Snowfake support when querying semi-structured data? (Choose two.) 
A. VARIANT 
8. VARCHAR 
C. XML 
D. ARRAY 
E. BLOB 
Correct AD 
vote dis 
In an autc--scaling multi-cluster virtual warehouse with the setting SCALING_POLICY 
A. When the system has enough load for 2 minutes 
B, When the System has enough load for 6 minutes 
When the system has enough load for 8 minutes 
D. When the system has enough load for 10 minutes 
Correct g 
vote dis 
ECONOMY enabled, when is Cluster Started? 
Question $248 
What is the following SQL command used for? 
Select • from job_id •_last•)), 
A. To validate external table files in table across all sessions 
8, TO validate task SQL statements against table t 1 in the last 14 days 
To validate a file fot errors before it gets executed using a COPY command 
D. To return errors from the last executed COPY command into table tl in the current session 
Correct D 
vote dis 
#243 
A table FCT_SALES has 100 million 
The following query was executed: 
SELECT COUNT (1) FROM FCT_SALES: 
HOW did Snowflake fulfill this query? 
A. Query against the result set cache 
Query against a virtual warehouse cache 
C. Query against the most-recently created micro-partition 
D. Query against the cache 
Correct Answer: D 
•Ote d,'stribuüon 
Question $250 
What happens when a virtual warehouse is resized? 
Topic ; 
A, When increasing the Size an active warehouse the compute all running and queued queries the are affected, 
When reducing the size of a warehouse the compute resources are removed only when they are no longer being used to execute any current 
Statements. 
The warehouse will be suspended while the new compute resource is provisioned and will resume automatically once provisioning is 
CO m plete. 
D. Users who are trying to use the warehouse will receive an error message until the resizing is complete 
Correct Answer•_ B 
Question $251 
"hat tasks can be completed using the COPY command? (Choose ) 
A, Columns Can 
Columns can be joined with an existing table 
C. Columns can be reordered. 
D_ Columns can be omitted 
E. Data can be loaded without the need to spin up a virtual warehouse. 
Correct co 
Cwm•wnity 
#252 
Which Snowflake layer can he configured? 
A. Database Storage 
8, Cloud Services 
Query Processing 
D. Application Services 
Correct C 
vote dis 
Query compilation occws in which architecture 01 the Claud 
A. Compute layer 
B, Storage 
Cloud infrastructure layer 
D. Cloud services laver 
vote dis 
Question $254 
If a size Small virtual warehouse is made up of two servers, how many servers make up a Large warehouse? 
c. 16 
Correct Answer: B 
Question '255 
A clustering key was defined on a table. but it is no longer needed. 
How can the key be removed? 
A. ALTER TABLE [TABLE NAME] PURGE CLUSTERING KEY 
d, ALTER TABLE (TABLE NAMEI DELETE CLUSTERING 
C ALTER TABLE ITABLE NAMEI OROP CLUSTERING KEY 
D. ALTER TABLE [TABLE NAME] REMOVE CLUSTERING KEY 
Correct C 
Cow-nawmity vote dis 
What is Of Clustering? 
A. To guarantee uniquely identifiable records in the database 
B, TO increase Scan efficiency in queries b! pruning 
C To improve performance b'/ creating a separate file for point lookups 
D. To provide data redundancy by duplicating micrc•parlitions 
Correct g 
vote dis 
Question $257 
Which statement is true about Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) in Soowflake? 
A, WA Can be enforced applied for given role, 
Snowflake users are automatically enrolled in MFße 
C. Users engoll in MFA by submitting a request to Snowflake Support, 
D_ MFA is an integrated Snowflake feature. 
Correct Answer: O 
Question #258 
What data type should be used to store JSON data natively in Snowflake? 
A. JSON 
String 
C, object 
D. VARIANT 
Correct Answer; D 
What should be considered when deciding to use a Secure View? (Choose two) 
A. No details of the query execution plan will be available in the query profile'. 
8. Once created there is no way to determine if a view is secure or not. 
C, do not take advantage Of the Same internal optimizations as Standard Views. 
D. It is not possible to create secure materialized viewe 
E. The view definition of a secure view is still visible to users by way of the information schema. 
Correct 
vote dis 
Question $260 
The information schema provides stotage information for which of the following objects? (Choose two.) 
A, users 
Databases 
C, Internal Stages 
D. Resource monitors 
E. Pipes 
Correct BC 
Cwnmmity vote 
#261 
What is a responsibility of Snowflake's virtual warehouses? 
A. Infrastructure management 
B, Metadata management 
Query execution 
D. Query parsing and optimization 
E. Management Of the Storage 
Correct Answer: C 
Cunmuody vote d,'stribuhoo 
Question $262 
Which data type is supported by Snowflake data classification? 
Float 
C. Geography 
D. Variant 
Correct Answer: 8 
Question $263 
When unloading data to an external stage. which compression format can be used for Parquet files with the COPY INTO commamd? 
A. gROTLl 
GZIP 
c. Lzo 
D_ zsT0 
Correct Answer: C 
Question $264 
Which SQL command can be used to verify the privileges that are granted to a role? 
A. SHOW GRANTS ON ROLE IROle Namel 
8. SHOW ROLES [Role Namel 
C, SHOW GRANTS TO ROLE (Role Name] 
D. GRANTS FOR ROLE [Role Name] 
Correct Answer; C 
Which Query Profile result indicates that a warehouse is sized too small? 
A. There are a Iotoffllter nodes. 
8. Bytes are spilling to external storage. 
C, The Of processed is very high, 
D. The number of partitions scanned is the same as partitions total. 
Correct Answer; B 
Question $265 
What is the default Time Travel retention period? 
A. 1 day 
7 days 
C. 45 days 
D_ go days 
Correct Answer: 
Question $267 
Which of the following are best practice recommendations that should be considered when loading data into Snowfake? (Choose two.) 
A. Load files that are approximately 25 Mg or smaller 
8. Remove all dates and timestamps. 
C, Load files that are approximately 100-250 MB (Or larger), 
D. Avoid using embedded characters such as commas for numeric data types. 
E. Remove semi-structured data types. 
Correct CD 
Cwm•wmity rote dis 
Which schema has the RESOURCE_MONITORS view? 
A. ACCOUNT_USAGE 
B, READEFuCCCLJNT_uSACE 
C INFORMATION_scHEMA 
Correct g 
vote dis 
Question $269 
What is the purpose of enabling Federated Authentication on a Snowflake account? 
A, Disables the ability use key pair and basic authentication username/passwotd) When connecting 
Allows dual Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) when connecting to Snowflake 
C. Forces users to connect through a secure network pcoxy 
D. Allows users to connect using secure single sign-on (SSOJ through an external identity provider 
Correct Answer; D 
Question $270 
Which Snowflake partner category is represented at the top of this diagram (labeled I)? 
4 
3 
A, Business Intelligence 
Machine Leaming and Data Science 
C. Security and Gmernance 
D. Data Integration 
Correct Answer: D 
vote 
Question $271 
Which object types are protected by Fail-safe? (Choose two.) 
A, Permanent Tables 
Temporary Tables 
C. External Tables 
D. Materialized Views 
E. Transient Tables 
Correct AD 
Cwnmmity rote 
Snowflake's apsyoach to the management of system access combines which of the following (Choose two,) 
A. Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) 
8, Access Control (RBAC) 
C Identity Access Management (AM) 
D. Create. Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) 
E. Discretionary Access Control (DAC) 
E Mandatory Access Control (WAC) 
Correct Answer-. B 
#733 
According to Snowflake best practice recommendations, which role should be used to create databases? 
A. ACCOUNTADMIN 
8. sysADMlN 
SECURITYADMIN 
USERADMIN 
Correct B 
Question $274 
To add or remove search optimization for a table. a user must have which of the following privileges or roles? (Choose two.) 
A, The MODIFY privilege on the table 
The O"NERSHIP privilege on the table 
C. A SECURITYADMIN role 
D. The ADD SEARCH OPTIMIZATION privilege on the schema that contains the table 
E. The SELECT privilege on the table 
Correct 
Cwnmmity vote 
While using a COPY command with a Validation_mode parameter, Which Of the following statements Hill return an error? 
A. Statements that insert a duplicate recwd during a load 
8, Statements that have a specifvc data type in the Source 
Statements that have duplicate file names 
D. Statements that transform data during a load 
Correct D 
vole dis 
When is the result Set cache no longer available? two,) 
A. When another warehouse is used execute the query 
B, When user eke•CuteS the 
When the underlying data has changed 
D. When the warehouse used to execute the query is suspended 
E. When it has been 24 hours Since the last 
Correct Answer: C 
Question $277 
"hat is the recommended file sizing for data loading using Snowpipel 
A, A compressed file Size greater than 100 Mg, and up to 250 Mg 
A compressed file size greater than 100 GB. and up to 250 GB 
C, A compressed file size greater than 10 MB, and upto 100 Ma 
D. A compressed file size greater than I Gg, and to 2 GS 
Correct Answer: A 
$278 
Which statements are true concerning Snowflak€s underlying cloud infrastructure? (Choose three.) 
A. Snowflake data and services are deplored in a single availability zone within a cloud provider's region. 
8. Snowflake data and services are available in a single cloud provider and a single region: the use of multiple clcwd proV.ders is not 
supported 
C. Snowflake can be deployed in a customers private cloud using the customers own compute and storage resources for Snowflake compute 
and storage. 
D. Snow-fake uses the cor compute and storage services of each cloud p«wider its ovm compute and storage. 
E. All three (Storage, Compute, and Cloud services) deployed and managed entirely on a selected Cloud 
platform. 
K Snowflake data and services arg deployed in at least three availability zones within a cloud provider's region 
Correct Answer: DEF 
A user unloaded a Snowflake table called mytable to an internal stage called mystage 
Which command can be used to vie•.v the list of files that has been uploaded to the stage? 
A. list amytable: 
d, list 
C list 
D. list 
Correct D 
dis 
Question $280 
What is a best practice after creating a custom role? 
A, Create the custom role using the SYSADMIN role. 
Assign the custom role to the SYSADMIN role 
C. Assign the custom role to the PUBLIC role, 
D. Add _ CUSTOM to all custom tale names. 
Correct Answer: 8 
Question '281 
Which is the MINIMUM required Snowflake edition that a user must have if they want to use AWS\Azure Privatelink or Google Cloud Private 
Service Connect? 
A, Standard 
Premium 
C. Enterprise 
D. Business Critical 
Correct Answer: D 
•Ote 
Question g282 
Which of the following query gtofilet variables will indicate that a virtual warehouse is not sized correctly for the query being executed? 
A, sent the network 
Synchronization 
C. Initialization 
D. Remote spillage 
Correct Answer: D 
Cunmuody •ole 
Topic ; 
Question $283 
Which of the following Snowflake capabilities are available in all Snowflake editions? (Choose two) 
A, encryption keys through Tri Secret Secure 
Automatic encryption of all data 
C. Up to 90 days of data recmery through Time Travel 
D. Object-level access control 
E. Column-level security to apply data masking policies to tables and views 
Correct 
Cwnmmity vote 
A PUT command Can used to Stage local files from which Snowflake interface? 
A. snowsu 
8, Snowflake Classic interface (u l) 
C Snowsight 
D. .NET driver 
Correct A 
vole dis 
Uuegllcn #28S 
Which Of the following indicates that it may be appropriate to use a Clustering for a table? (Choose two,) 
A. The table contains a column that has very low cardinality. 
B, DML Statements that being issued against the table are blocked, 
The table has a small number of micro-partitions. 
D. Queries on the table are running slower than expected. 
E. The Clustering depth for the table is large 
Correct Answer: DE 
Question $285 
Which cache type is used to cache data output from SQL queries? 
A, Metadata cache 
Result cache 
C. Remote cache 
D. Local file cache 
Correct Answer: B 
Question $287 
Which of the following describes how clustering keys work in Snowflake? 
A. Clustering keys update the micrc-partitions in place with a full sort. and impact the DML 
8. Clustering keys sort the designated columns time, without blocking OML operations. 
C, Clustering keys create a distributed. parallel data Structure Of pointers to a and columns, 
D. Clustering keys establish a hashed key on each node of a virtual warehouse to optimize joins at run-time. 
Correct Answer; B 
Community 
Which of the following operations require the use of a nnning virtual warehouse? (Choose two) 
A. Downloading data from an internal stage 
8. Listing files in a sta% 
C, Executing a Stored procedure 
D. Altering a table 
E. Querying data from a materialized view 
Correct CE 
vote dis 
Question $289 
What is used to limit the credit usage of a virtual warehouse within a Snowflake account? 
A, Load monitor 
Resource monitor 
C, Query profile 
Correct Answer: B 
Question $290 
What are the benefits of the replication feature in Snowfake? (Choose two) 
A. Disaster recovery 
8. Time Travel 
C, Fail-sale 
D. Database failover and tailback 
E. Data security 
Correct AD 
Cwnmuøity vote dis 
Uuegllcn #291 
Which Of the following roles recommended to Create and and roles? (Choose two,) 
A. sysADMlN 
B, SECURI TYADMIN 
C PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTADMIN 
E. USERADMIN 
Correct Answer: BE 
Question $292 
"hen can a newly configured virtual warehouse start running SQL quaies? 
A, After the warehouse provisioning has completed 
During the time slots defined b'/ the ACCOUNTADMIN 
C. When the warehouse provisioning is completed 
D_ After the warehouse replication is completed 
Correct Answer: C 
Question $293 
"hat actions will p«event leveraging of the ResultSetcache? 
A. Removing a column from the query SELECT list 
8. Slopping the virtual warehouse that the query is running against 
C, If the result has not reused within the last 12 hours 
D. Executing the table function 
Correct Answer; 
Which of the following are benefits of micro-partitioning? (Choose two.) 
A. Micro-partitions cannot overlap in their range of 
8. Micro-partitions are immutable objects that support the use of Time Travel. 
C, Micro-partitions Can reduce the amount Of I/O from Object Storage to Virtual warehouses, 
D. Rows are automatically stored in sorted order within micro-partitions. 
E. Micro-partitions can be defined on a schema-by-schema basis. 
Correct BC 
vote dis 
Question $295 
Which data type can be used to store geospatial data in Snowflake? 
A, Variant 
Object 
C. Geometry 
D. Geography 
Correct Answer: D 
des 
c €3ss: 
Question t29E 
If all virtual warehouse resources are maximized while processing a query workload. what will happen to new queries that are submitted to the 
warehouse? 
A, All queries will terminate the are maximized. 
The warehouse will scale out automatically 
C. The warehouse will move to a suspended state. 
New queries Will be queued and executed When capacity is available 
Correct Answer: D 
•Ote d,'smbunoo 
Question #297 
Masking policies can be applied to which of the following Snowflake objects? (Choose two.) 
A, A materialized 
A stored procedure 
C. A table 
A stream 
E. A pipe 
E. A Function 
Correct Answer: AC 
Question $298 
"hat actions are supported by Snowfake rescurce monito•rs? (Choose two.) 
A, Alert 
Notify 
C. Notify and suspend 
D. Abort 
E Suspend immediately 
Correct BC 
Cwnmmity 
#2gg 
A executes the following SQL query; 
create table SALES_BKP like SALES; 
"hat are the cost implications for processing this query? 
A Processing costs will be generated based on hcr,n long the query take& 
8. Storage costs will be generated based on the size of the data. 
C, NO COS'S Will be incurred as the Will use metadata. 
D. The cost for running the virtual warehouse will be charged by the second. 
Correct Answer: c 
Qupglicn 
What is the maximum of time travel available in the Sncmfake Standard Edition? 
A. 1 Day 
8, 7 Days 
C 30 Days 
D. 90 Days 
Correct 
